yo whats up youtube youtube or the heck
2312 oh i don't know if you remember
like I think two months ago I know in
december or january i made a video about
the school candy heche I'm black I love
shattered grey well those broke the
little Jack I started breaking this is
not the head home but that's a check
from other headphones well the jack
start breaking like you can't hear noise
from this side anymore so and then this
part of the little support they start
breaking bending outward so they start
breaking so I just send it back side
lifetime warranty on them they said they
sent me a new pair I really opened up
the package d7 just on paper and I got
the skull hat school esco candy Hesh
these come with the mic and they're
poison lurker and it gave me a shirt
skullcandy shirt and a wristband alright
so let's open up a bad boy hey here they
are sweet all right oh oh that's what I
wanted right here all right okay let's
get these bad boys out here okay what's
in the box hmm this little stamp I keep
desk one sequin I pearlies had one of
these over here it comes with another
one of these and I just got another one
right here another one hey cause we're
sticker and back headphones itself
they seem pretty more sturdy than the
ones i had before their braided like
cloth pretty sweet no more sturdy than
once i had before and it comes with a
mic and the good thing about this cable
it won't tangle which i think just
happened to me damn here you go here you
go whatever the cable is braided i love
you see their day I can whoa Oh mart
yeah all the cables Brady which is cloth
and it's supposed to prevent tangling
you know you you have cable and start
angling it supposedly supposed to be
more sturdier than the other cables the
mat nylon Logan ones well that's my
skool skool kandy kash review it's
pretty sweet i'm gonna give you a leg up
design how it looks like right there
look pretty sweet um I know why they
seem lighter than before maybe that's
just me but they do seem lighter mmm I'm
definitely going to be using these for
travel I have my beats I don't know if I
made a review about that but I'm not to
make a review I shall look actually
pretty good they feel pretty good I can
still hear myself but I'm not listening
to music well probably you use it for
like basic mixing I don't even know if
you're gonna use those for that kind of
purpose but that's my review on the
school candy hash a school political
poison in addition it's coming with Mike
the hacker signing off please if you
want like it see you guys